***ONLY DO SEMANTIC SEARCH EVERYWHERE EXCEPT THE SEARCH
***AND RERANKER OPTIONAL FOR SEARCH

TODOS

1. Make hybrid method 2 versions with and without ranking
2. Apply conditional rerankers
3. Add the similar item route 
4. Add recommend to user route
5. Add the shopping assistant route (integrate with gemeni flash 2.0)
6. Autocomplete
7. Add the website also as source (jina reader + segmentor as input rest same)
8. AI review summarizer pros and cons
9. AI power your ecommerce site


Make me routes for shopping assistants
In the api accept list of products that will be given to LLM for context

Intents

Intent 1. Fetch products from the db and give as context to LLM for quries like I want some recommendation for tshirt
Intent 2  No need to fetch product from db and directly give query to LLM like What can I pair it with this and queries like compare these products and in context there is list of product coming in api

To get the intent use the LLM 
<
To get the intent use client = genai.Client(vertexai=True, project="spheric-hawk-449810-a2", location="asia-south1",
                      http_options=HttpOptions(api_version="v1"))

     response = client.models.generate_content(
            model="gemini-2.0-flash-001",
            contents="How does AI work?",
        )
        print(response.text)
>

if product ids then send product.searchable_content in context


In api conversationId will be passed that will be unique for new conversation and same for same conversation
helpful in retrieving past chat history

For storing conversation history have a table with coulumns
conversation id and array of conversations in jsonb [{"role" : "user or model" , "content"}] 

for chat use 

client = genai.Client(vertexai=True, project="spheric-hawk-449810-a2", location="asia-south1",
                      http_options=HttpOptions(api_version="v1"))

To create new conversation use
chat = client.chats.create(
    model="gemini-2.0-flash-001",
    history=[
        Content(parts=[Part(text="Hello")], role="user"),
        Content(
            parts=[Part(text="Great to meet you. What would you like to know?")],
            role="model",
        ),
    ],
)
response = chat.send_message("tell me a story")

each time we do client.chats.create it creates a new conversation


make a metod to get chat = client.chats.create(
    model="gemini-2.0-flash-001",
    history=[
        Content(parts=[Part(text="Hello")], role="user"),
        Content(
            parts=[Part(text="Great to meet you. What would you like to know?")],
            role="model",
        ),
    ],
) get the content from db and cache this method it should take conversationId and return the chat object

Save all chats to conversations table


"""
Configuration Management: Properly configure your FastAPI application for different environments using environment variables and configuration management tools.
ASGI Servers: Choose the right ASGI server (Uvicorn, Hypercorn, or Gunicorn with Uvicorn workers) based on your specific needs.
Security: Implement robust security measures, including HTTPS, authentication, authorization, and proper error handling.
Performance Optimization: Utilize FastAPI’s async capabilities, implement caching, and optimize database queries for better performance.
Logging and Monitoring: Set up comprehensive logging and monitoring to gain insights into your application’s behavior and quickly identify issues.
Containerization: Use Docker to containerize your FastAPI application for consistency across environments and easier deployment.
Deployment Strategies: Implement CI/CD pipelines and use deployment strategies like blue-green deployments or rolling updates to minimize downtime.
Scaling: Prepare your application for scaling by implementing load balancing, database scaling strategies, and considering serverless options.
Best Practices Checklist
To ensure your FastAPI application is production-ready, follow this checklist:

1. Security

Enable HTTPS using SSL/TLS certificates
Implement proper authentication and authorization
Set up CORS correctly
Use secure headers (HSTS, CSP, X-Frame-Options)
Implement rate limiting to prevent abuse
Regularly update dependencies to patch security vulnerabilities
2. Performance

Use asynchronous programming where appropriate
Implement caching for frequently accessed data
Optimize database queries and use connection pooling
Utilize background tasks for time-consuming operations
Configure your ASGI server for optimal performance
3. Reliability

Implement proper error handling and logging
Set up health check endpoints
Use database migrations for schema changes
Implement retry mechanisms for external service calls
Set up automated backups for your database
4. Scalability

Design your application to be stateless
Implement horizontal scaling with load balancing
Use caching services like Redis to reduce database load
Consider using a CDN for static assets
Implement database scaling strategies (read replicas, sharding)
5. Monitoring and Logging

Set up centralized logging
Implement application performance monitoring (APM)
Set up alerts for critical errors and performance issues
Use structured logging for easier parsing and analysis
Monitor key metrics like response times, error rates, and resource usage
6. Deployment and Operations

Use containerization (Docker) for consistent environments
Implement a CI/CD pipeline for automated testing and deployment
Use infrastructure as code (IaC) for managing your infrastructure
Implement blue-green or rolling update deployment strategies
Set up automated scaling based on load
7. Documentation and Maintenance

Keep API documentation up-to-date (use FastAPI’s automatic docs)
Document deployment procedures and runbooks
Maintain a changelog for tracking changes
Regularly review and update your application’s dependencies
Conduct periodic security audits and penetration testing




1. superbase postgres with the pg vector extension
2. have both docker and cloud soutions
3. cosine closest neighbor and use just regualar vector
4. HNSW Indexes with Postgres and pgvector exact log and with index logn
5. embedding






DO hybrid search both keyword matching and semantic matching

embeddig

Do by topic

Make a ui where u can add topics and update them this would be the only option it should
have abilty to be prefilled from pdf
Text blob for the spell check

for cloud make sure to give read only permission for single table

Include some basic analytics like top searches

Use cases
Search , help and recommendations

Give complete features give autocomplete also

also make the frontend component that direcy call my api

send data by the api no db access

https://github.com/johannesocean/pgvector-demo/tree/main/app

https://huggingface.co/BAAI/bge-m3

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JEBDfGqrAUA&t=1975s
Already had chatbot for documentation


search anything image or text , upload image and find similar images useful for ecommerce and
search image or text by semantics only need id, images and title, description, color optional fields

Search by the images or text and upload image to get similar images similar products or product recommendations and doc chatbot

pgvectorscale

hyrbid search (keyword(BM25), semantic and image

for data import see this https://console.cloud.timescale.com/dashboard/services/rujozngdux/import

tsvector

https://colab.research.google.com/drive/1ZXzRX5nGp6FlYZmA6sJNOTo2CweMvOsw?usp=sharing

https://jkatz05.com/post/postgres/hybrid-search-postgres-pgvector/

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MlRkBvOCfTY

allow user to load their data and test the hybrid search

Also give autocomplete

only thumbnail url / blob / base64 will be used ask them to simply specify the fields of search and thumbnail column

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bQWfJxVYktY

Remove html tags from the text for all fields

use marque ecommerce embedding model and say in your webiste its better than openai, gemeni and amzaon embedding models
trained on large ecommerce dataset fine tuned for the ecommerce

why use ours
Most models are trained on generic data and they little bit of everything
Our model is trained on large ecommerce dataset fine tuned for the ecommerce so it out performs all the other models

Give example of use cases yellow , lemon and amber will show similar colors even when
we don't find the exact keywords insted of returning no results

https://hub.docker.com/r/oaklight/vectorsearch/tags

Uses state of the art BM25 algorithm , semantic search and image search

Also add the custom filters tags, metafield and fields

https://github.com/jankovicsandras/plpgsql_bm25

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TbtBhbLh0cc

https://github.com/vgrabovets/multi_rake

https://github.com/daveebbelaar/pgvectorscale-rag-solution/tree/hybrid-search

have all filters

Have 3 types of autocomplete past history, trending and search when starts typing

Also have support for blog searching

Use yogi sister as paid promotion

Have a similar structure for all tables with metadata containing all columns



#TODO
'''

Basic routes needed

(Just do text based first in MVP image will come later)

1. Search
2. Recommend
    1. suggest similar items (based on item return most similar)
    2. Recommendation based on past purchase activity (precomputed and updated)
3. AI shopping


Use recraft to get model for your product using image to image

Write blogs specifically to promote your products

It all works because we will sync their data regularly

https://supabase.com/docs/guides/ai/hybrid-search

Personalized AI shopper in 1 big window modal resumable with AI shopping interface for everything

On startup feed it user detials

We need to have products data, reviews data, past orders  in our vector db

knows query intent then call backend for search, otherwise give chat completion

just keep giving context of whatever product user selects , and like fetch reviews and tell what to style with

It will also generate some template questions based on state

Traditional search bar with AI will also be there


Also add the option of api I could poll to resync the data

Value is in taking data or syncing and then applying AI to it

Take data from db url or extrernal api like shopify for now

Use the data in AI

Chat Support
Customer care support
Product search

Use the APScheduler for all bg tasks connect with DB

Also release the ai blogger as seperate tool targeted for companies trying to maximize
seo reach suggest them topics based on company product
IDEAS

1. Personalized Shopping Experience
Dynamic Styling Suggestions: Offer styling or pairing suggestions for clothing, accessories, or home decor based on the customer's preferences or purchase history.
Product Recommendations: Recommend products based on browsing history, past purchases, or customer demographics.
Dynamic Search Results: Use natural language processing (NLP) to improve search accuracy and offer filters based on intent.
Custom Homepages: Curate homepage content dynamically based on user interests and browsing habits.
2. Visual AI Applications
Virtual Try-On: Allow customers to visualize products like clothes, glasses, or makeup on themselves using AR/AI.
Style Matching: Suggest similar styles or complementary items for a chosen product.
Image-Based Search: Enable customers to upload a photo and find similar products in the store.
3. Product Management
AI-Powered Styling for Products: Automatically generate photos of products in different styles or settings (e.g., furniture in a living room setup).
Automated Product Tagging: Use AI to classify and tag products with keywords, categories, and attributes for better discoverability.
4. Review Summarization and Analysis
Sentiment Analysis: Summarize customer reviews into pros and cons and identify trending sentiments.
Review Insights: Provide summarized insights from customer reviews to help others make informed decisions.
Fake Review Detection: Use AI to detect fraudulent reviews and ensure authenticity.
5. Marketing and Engagement
Dynamic Pricing: Use AI to adjust prices based on demand, competitor pricing, and inventory levels.
AI-Powered Ad Targeting: Optimize ad campaigns with personalized recommendations and dynamic creatives.
Customer Segmentation: Use AI to segment customers based on behavior and demographics for targeted campaigns.
Automated Content Creation: Generate product descriptions, marketing emails, and blog posts using AI.
6. Customer Support
AI Chatbots: Provide 24/7 customer support for FAQs, order tracking, and issue resolution.
Sentiment-Driven Support Escalation: Detect customer frustration and escalate to a human agent.
Multilingual Support: Translate and respond to customer queries in multiple languages.
7. Logistics and Supply Chain
Demand Forecasting: Predict inventory needs based on sales trends and seasonal factors.
Smart Inventory Management: Optimize stock levels using AI to prevent overstocking or stockouts.
Shipping Optimization: Use AI to choose the fastest or most cost-effective shipping routes.
8. Fraud Detection and Payment Processing
Fraud Prevention: Detect unusual purchase patterns and prevent fraudulent transactions.
Dynamic Payment Gateways: Optimize payment gateway usage based on customer location or past success rates.
9. User Behavior and Analytics
Churn Prediction: Identify customers likely to stop shopping and provide retention offers.
Heatmap Analysis: Analyze customer interaction on the website to optimize the design.
Real-Time Personalization: Modify product listings, banners, and deals as users interact with the site.
10. Customer Retention and Loyalty
AI Loyalty Programs: Reward customers based on AI-driven predictions of their lifetime value.
Personalized Retention Offers: Offer custom discounts or loyalty benefits to retain at-risk customers.
Predictive Recommendations: Suggest subscription or replenishment products based on past purchases.
11. Content Moderation
Automated Moderation: Monitor and filter user-generated content such as reviews, Q&A, or forums to remove spam or inappropriate material.
AI-Curated Reviews: Highlight the most helpful or relevant reviews for new customers.
12. Advanced Analytics
Predictive Trends Analysis: Identify future trends and suggest products to add to the catalog.
Competitor Analysis: Use AI to monitor competitor pricing, stock levels, and trends.
Performance Insights: Provide detailed analytics on marketing, product performance, and customer behavior.
13. Voice and Conversational Commerce
Voice Search Optimization: Allow users to search products using voice commands.
Conversational Agents: Offer shopping assistance through voice-enabled devices like Alexa or Google Assistant.
14. Returns and Post-Sale Support
AI Return Predictions: Predict the likelihood of product returns and adjust policies accordingly.
Smart Returns Process: Suggest alternative solutions like exchanges or troubleshooting steps before processing a return.
Post-Purchase Insights: Provide AI-powered recommendations for accessories or related items post-purchase.
15. Sustainability and CSR
Sustainable Options: Highlight eco-friendly or sustainable product choices using AI.
Carbon Footprint Estimation: Inform customers of the environmental impact of their purchases.


'''
"""

MARKETING

Product Hunt
Startup directories
AI GTM SEO


TECH STACK

RESEND for mails
Clerk for authentication
stripe for payment

posthog for analytics
Admin csm dashboard

producthunt
indie hackers
Focus on the seo google


MAKE UI COMPNENET SEARCH BAR WITH SHOPPING Assistant
ICON NEXT TO SEARCH ICON THAT WILL TAKE THE QUERY TO
SHOPPING ASSISTANT AND OPEN A SIDE MODAL 
it also has context to anything u see on screen
so u can normally chat with it or ask anything about on page or drag & drop

Also make a separte project one time purchase
simple code zip u can download next ts with everything integrateed
simply in cloud bring your keys or add them later in config
It will be ai wrapper with other features too
endless ai teplates and easily create new template
every time u make changes u can download new code
u can even give it context with custom data
end result fully functioning app with AI
With the tools just add sample api user can edit it
and gemeni rag


For AI shopping asssistant when opening
the modal supply the prduct id or list of prodcts ids
based on which page was ctrl+k or icon was clicked